Shut up we elders
It's not your turn to call the bargain
The reason why we didn't stand up in the first place
Compete with Taro Takahashi
Doesn't mean we're afraid of him
We are too lazy to argue with this barbarian doctor
He is a tourist
Make a fuss and he's gone
Who ever thought your father had to stand up and show off
I lost to Mrs. Takahashi
Not only did he lose his face
It also made our Zhaojiacun ridiculed for ten years
No courage is no courage
You are less here, even if your father is not a disgrace
What about you? The competition is a disgrace to the country by engraving things.
Also kept by the rich
It's not scum. What is it?
You said that the game engraved things were taken care of by the rich
You show evidence?
Just lying to you?
Zhou Ruolan
You take a closer look at the news of your engraving
Wearing newspapers
What else do you have to quibble about?
Zhao Ruolan
If you can't give us a satisfactory explanation
Then don't blame me
I will expel you from this village immediately
What else does the village chief use to explain?
The motorcade outside is the best evidence
If he is not taken care of
How did the convoy outside come about?
Go faster.
I'm so eager to see this world record breaker
An Olympic champion who has pushed the limits of human beings